中央咖啡馆

Dialog A: He's just some guy I work with!

Dialog B: There's gotta be something wrong with him!

Dialog A: Wait, does he eat chalk?

Dialog B: what I went through with Carl

Dialog A: It's just two people going out to dinner

Dialog B: Sounds like a date to me.

Dialog A: I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria

Dialog B: Oh, yeah. Had that dream.

Dialog A: there.

Dialog B: - Never had that dream. - No.

Dialog A: And it turns out it's my mother,

Dialog B: she never calls me!

Dialog A: This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.

Dialog B: I just feel like someone reached down my throat

Dialog A: pulled it out of my mouth

Dialog B: Cookie?

Dialog A: - Let me get you some coffee.  - Thanks.

Dialog B: No, just leave my aura alone, okay?

Dialog A: Really, everyone. I hope  she'll be very happy.

Dialog B: to hell with her, she left me!

Dialog A: No!! Okay?!

Dialog B: She didn't know, how should I know?

Dialog A: Did I say that out loud?

Dialog B: You're feeling a lot of pain right now.

Dialog A: Can I tell you what the answer is?

Dialog B: C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!

Dialog A: I just...I just wanna be married again!

Dialog B: Rachel?!

Dialog A: I just went to your building and you weren't there 

Dialog B: and you are, you are!

Dialog A: Okay, everybody, this is Rachel,

Dialog B: This is everybody, this is Chandler,

Dialog A: and you remember my brother Ross?

Dialog B: So you wanna tell us now

Dialog A: Oh, God...well,

Dialog B: I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents,

Dialog A: This really gorgeous Limoges gravy boat.

Dialog B: Sweet 'n' Lo?

Dialog A: by this gravy boat than by Barry!

Dialog B: and that's when it hit me:

Dialog A: Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar,

Dialog B: Anyway, I just had to get out of there,

Dialog A: "Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?"

Dialog B: and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart,

Dialog A: who lived here in the city.

Dialog B: Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue...

Dialog A: and she's really not happy about it.

Dialog B: I'm sorry. I just don't love him.

Dialog A: Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.

Dialog B: Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!

Dialog A: It's like, it's like, all of my life,

Dialog B: You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'.

Dialog A: 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe?

Dialog B: No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, 

Dialog A: It's a metaphor, Daddy!

Dialog B: Look Daddy, it's my life.

Dialog A: Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...

Dialog B: Well, maybe I don't need your money.

Dialog A: Just breathe, breathe...that's it.  

Dialog B: Rain drops on roses and rabbits and kittens

Dialog A: La la la something and noodles with string.

Dialog B: I'm all better now.

Dialog A: Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know?

Dialog B: And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey.

Dialog A: And he's away a lot.

Dialog B: It's her wedding day!

Dialog A: Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.

Dialog B: Buzz him in.

Dialog A: Maybe.

Dialog B: is with Paul the Wine Guy?

Dialog A: Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.

Dialog B: Please, no, go, that'd be fine!

Dialog A: That'd be good...

Dialog B: It's Paul the Wine Guy!

Dialog A: ...everybody, everybody, this is Paul.

Dialog B: Hi! The Wine Guy!

Dialog A: Okay, sit down. Two seconds.

Dialog B: So Rachel, what're you, uh... what're you up to tonight?

Dialog A: headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!

Dialog B: No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your

Dialog A: Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight,

Dialog B: put together my new furniture.

Dialog A: Well actually thanks,

Dialog B: - It's been kinda a long day. - Okay, sure.

Dialog A: Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.

Dialog B: using a bunch of these little worm guys.

Dialog A: and I cannot feel my legs.

Dialog B: I have no idea.

Dialog A: This was Carol's favorite beer.

Dialog B: Ross, let me ask you a question.

Dialog A: what did you get?

Dialog B: - Oh, my God. - You got screwed. 

Dialog A: - Oh my God! - I know, I know, I'm such an idiot.

Dialog B: she started going to the dentist four and five times a week.

Dialog A: My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess.

Dialog B: Well, you might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers,

Dialog A: That's one way! Me, I- 

Dialog B: You actually broke her watch?

Dialog A: I know you probably think that this is all about

Dialog B: but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I just...

Dialog A: anyway...look, look,

Dialog B: What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know?

Dialog A: and that's it?

Dialog B: What are you talking about? 'One woman'?

Dialog A: Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there.

Dialog B: You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream!

Dialog A: You got married, you were, like, what, eight?

Dialog B: I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.

Dialog A: Ever since she walked out on me, I, uh...

Dialog B: No, it's, it's more of a fifth date kinda revelation.

Dialog A: Isn't there?

Dialog B: What were you gonna say?

Dialog A: um, I haven't been able to, uh, perform.

Dialog B: Oh, God, Oh, God, I am sorry...

Dialog A: I know being spit on is probably not what you need right now.

Dialog B: Wow! I'm-I'm-I'm glad you smashed her watch!

Dialog A: ...Yeah. Yeah, I do.

Dialog B: That's the difference!

Dialog A: Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon?

Dialog B: 《比利  别逞英雄》  70年代反战歌曲

Dialog A: Even if I could get it together enough to- to ask a woman out,...

Dialog B: Isn't this amazing? 

Dialog A: - That is amazing. - Congratulations.

Dialog B: If you feel like you have to make a Western omelet or something..

Dialog A: - Morning. - Good morning.

Dialog B: - Hello, Paul. - Hi, Paul, is it?

Dialog A: We'll talk later.

Dialog B: That wasn't a real date?!

Dialog A: - Shut up, and put my table back. - Okayyy!

Dialog B: If I don't input those numbers...

Dialog A: So, like, you guys all have jobs?

Dialog B: See, that's how we buy stuff.

Dialog A: Wow! Would I have seen you in anything?

Dialog B: Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the 

Dialog A: 'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.'

Dialog B: -  I will not take this abuse.  - You're right, I'm sorry.

Dialog A: So how you doing today?

Dialog B: I can't stop smiling.

Dialog A: You look like you slept with a hanger in your mouth.

Dialog B: Do you remember you and Tony DeMarco?

Dialog A: Well, it's like that. With feelings.

Dialog B: Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work

Dialog A: Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.

Dialog B: I'm gonna go get one of those job things.

Dialog A: Hey Frannie, welcome back!

Dialog B: You had sex, didn't you?

Dialog A: So? Who?

Dialog B: Paul the Wine Guy?

Dialog A: You mean you know Paul like I know Paul?

Dialog B: Y'know before me, there was no snap in his turtle for two years.

Dialog A: Why?! Why? Why, why would anybody do something like that?

Dialog B: than 'to get you into bed'.

Dialog A: Is it like I have some sort of beacon

Dialog B: All right, c'mere, gimme your feet.

Dialog A: I can't believe you didn't know it was a line!

Dialog B: Are you kidding? I'm trained for nothing!

Dialog A: And yet you're surprisingly upbeat.

Dialog B: fifty percent off!

Dialog A: They're my new 'I don't need a job,

Dialog B: How'd you pay for them?

Dialog A: And who pays for that?

Dialog B: C'mon, you can't live off your parents your whole life.

Dialog A: Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.

Dialog B: You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city.

Dialog A: My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison,

Dialog B: And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like,

Dialog A: and then he killed himself,

Dialog B: So believe me, I know exactly how you feel.

Dialog A: "Anyway"...

Dialog B: - I don't think so. 

Dialog A: Welcome to the real world!

Dialog B: Well, that's it. You gonna crash on the couch?

Dialog A: - You be okay?  - Yeah.

Dialog B: What?

Dialog A: You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy

Dialog B: - Sorry-  - No no no, go-  

Dialog A: - Split it?  - Okay.

Dialog B: but back in high school, I had a, um,

Dialog A: I knew.

Dialog B: I always figured you just thought

Dialog A: I did.

Dialog B: and try not to let my intense vulnerability 

Dialog A: but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out?

Dialog B: Yeah, maybe...

Dialog A: - Goodnight.  - Goodnight.

Dialog B: Waitwait, what's the deal?

Dialog A: I can't believe what I'm hearing here.

Dialog B: What? I-I said you had a

Dialog A: Would you stop?

Dialog B: Would anybody like more coffee?

Dialog A: - I'm just serving it.  - Yeah. Yeah, I'll have a cup of coffee.

Dialog B: I'm in Las Vegas.

Dialog A: 著名女明星

Dialog B: So no one told you life was gonna be this way

Dialog A: your love life's D.O.A.

Dialog B: And it hasn't been your day, your week, your month,

Dialog A: I'll be there for you,

Dialog B: I'll be there for you,

Dialog A: I'll be there for you,

Dialog B: 
